Android support (#136)
invertase/react-native-apple-authentication: docs/FIREBASE.md

The `@invertase/react-native-apple-authentication` library will not work if you do not ensure the following:

- You are using React Native version `0.60` or higher.

- (iOS only) You have setup react-native iOS development environment on your machine (Will only work on Mac). If not, please follow the official React Native documentation for getting started: [React Native getting started documentation](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/getting-started).

> - (iOS only) You are using Xcode version `11` or higher. This will allow you to develop using iOS version `13`, the only version possible for authenticating with Apple.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (iOS only) You are using Xcode version `11` or higher. This will allow you to develop using iOS version `13` or higher, when the Sign In with Apple APIs first became available.
```

- **Once you're sure you've met the above, please follow our [Initial development environment setup](INITIAL_SETUP.md) guide.**

> # v6 iOS example

Reviewer: react-native-firebase v5 is dead, and it's past v6 now, so just remove the version specifier

```suggestion
# iOS example
```
